hey how's it going Dave TD here a few
months ago I did a video on the Helios
500 as a core i9 laptop very powerful
laptop that was properly cooled in this
particular chassis this is also a Helios
500 but it's running AMD hardware so
it's running AMD's Rison 720 700 as well
as AMD's vega 56 GPU so once again very
powerful components stuck into a chassis
that has been proven to be very good at
cooling things now what makes this
laptop special what makes it different
is that this is an 8 core CPU all the
stuff from Intel this year on their
mobile stuff is 6 cores so i7 I 9
they're all 6 core CPUs great CPUs this
is an 8 core CPU so if you're running
stuff that's see if you dependent this
is going to give you better performance
now I wanted to take a look at this
thing just because I've seen how good
the CPU is in desktop applications I've
run this particular CPU on several
desktops great performs for the money
and they're running that exact same CPU
in here 8 cores so not that much else is
different on this device compared to the
Intel variant I reviewed previously the
screen is free sync compatible in case
you have multiple free sync external
monitors you want to plug it up to but
in terms of the actual build quality and
the keyboard the trackpad the battery
size all that stuff remains the same
it's just the CPU and the GPU that have
been changed so let's talk about the CPU
first the 8 core Rison 7 2700 is a beast
it's literally the most powerful
multi-core CPU that's available in a
laptop right now I mean maybe there
might be some custom built like 18 core
laptop out there but in terms of
commercially available ones this is the
most powerful and I've seen the
overclocking software from AMD works on
the CPU and because it's a well called
chassis we can take advantage of it I'm
able to get decent overclocking on this
laptop but nothing crazy so on desktops
I've been able to hit 4 gigahertz on
each core not without difficulty but it
is doable
this laptop lets me hit 3.7 gigahertz on
every core which is really respectable
considering what this is now you can
disable cores if you want to just run
for 4 games and stuff like that but for
what I was trying to do I wanted to see
how good this thing was for multi-core
applications so I ran this thing in
Cinebench and I got the highest score
I've ever seen in a laptop and same with
video renders in premièred this thing is
pushing out significantly faster render
times than
I seven or an i-9 those two extra cores
really make a difference the GPU in here
is AMD's Radeon Vega 56 and it's also a
very powerful card I'd say it's very
similar in performance to a gtx 1070
depending on the title some games will
do better or worse I find that DirectX
12 games tend to do better on the AMD
card the gaming performance on the AMD
variant of the Helios 500 is good but I
wouldn't say that it's better than the
Intel version so if you're trying to
decide whether to get this one or the i9
version like if you're in that fortunate
position where you're kind of deciding
between the two it really depends on
what you're going for if you're just
playing games and that's all you're
getting this laptop for I probably lean
more towards the i9 and the gtx 1070
variant that's a very powerful system
this system is more geared towards
people that are content creators like if
you're video editor or you deal with 3d
work like 3d modelling or game
development the two extra cores in the
Rison system is going to give you better
performance than the Intel system and
that's basically what this thing is an
absolute beast for multi-core
applications okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it subs we'd
love to see you guys next time